NLS eReader Zoomax braille driver (#17509)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* Automatic language switching is now supported when using Microsoft Speech API version 5 (SAPI5) and Microsoft Speech Platform voices. (#17146, @gexgd0419)
* NVDA can now be configured to speak the current line or paragraph when navigating with braille navigation keys. (#17053, @nvdaes)
* In Word, the selection update is now reported when using Word commands to extend or reduce the selection (`f8` or `shift+f8`). (#3293, @CyrilleB79)

> * NLS eReader Zoomax driver has been added. Previously it was available only as a separate addon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for the NLS eReader Zoomax braille display has been added. (#17509, @florin-trutiu)
```
